Reflect: Using a remote repository
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  A remote repository using a site like Github allows you to share your work with others, as well as access to your work from different computers, and a visual interface.

Reflect: Manual vs. automatic pull
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

  You should want to review any changes to the repository before accepting them locally as well, since pulling will update the branch you pull into.

Reflect: Forks, Clones, and Branches
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

  A fork allows you essentially clone someone else's work onto your Github account with the added benefit of giving them credit and tracking data. A clone is copying someone's work onto your git workspace. Commits operate on branches, they are the structure of your changes (commits).

Reflect: Local copies of remote branches
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

  You can continue working on your project without the need for internet, and push your changes onto the remote later on.

Reflect: Collaboration using Git and GitHub
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

  Git and Github are optimized to work together in a production environment. You could certainly try to work without it, but there might be issues when multiple people are trying to work on the same project and sending different changes to it. A lot more communication would be needed in order to avoid bugs and miscommunication.

Reflect: When to use a separate branch
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

  You might want to make changes in a separate branch when working in collaboration, that way your colleagues will be able to checkout your changes before they are merged into master. Working in master is less complicated and faster.
