Reflect: Using diff to Find Bugs
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

  Using diff - u, helped to see changes to a file that were resulting in a bug.
  It works by showing you the difference between two files, but it is not able to
  pinpoint the exact line the change was made, thus it is recommended to keep your lines
  shorter than 120 characters.

Reflect: Using History for Efficiency:
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

  If you were to make a mistake in your code, or implement a feature that is bugged, you would be able to roll back to a previous version of your code.

Reflect: Manual Commits
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

  Automatic saves could lead to cluttered commit history without logical usefulness. It is better to create a commit manually in order to have a logical history to your commits.

Reflect: Multi-File Commits
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  Files sometimes depend on each other, and a version control system makes it easy to track and save all the changes across multiple files in one commit.

Reflect: Using Git to View History
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  Git log will provide you with a history of all your commits. Git diff would allow you to see the difference between two commits by using git diff first_id second_id.

Reflect: Confidence from Version Control
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

  Since Git has a way for you to checkout previous versions of your code, I can be confident I will always be able to have a peek at previous change and determine where a bug was introduced. As long as I commit logically.

Reflect: How Do You Want to Use Git?
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

  I plan to use github for web development.
